README.md, before:

# eCommerce

## Cloning

This repository has sub modules, clone it with:

```shell
$ git clone --recursive <repository url>
```

If you've already cloned it, you can get the submodules by doing the following:

```shell
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Running

There are multiple bounded contexts, as described later, that can be both run individually or together.
By default, both bounded contexts are configured to assume that the other is running.

To just get started running them, run the script in the root of this repository to get started.


**Linux / macOS**
```shell
$ ./run.sh
```

**Windows**
```shell
$ run.cmd
```

This will run the bounded contexts as background executables. You can easily run them individually as foreground
tasks as well, for each bounded context in seperate terminal windows:

```shell
$ cd Source/{bounded context}/Web
$ dotnet run
```

The event horizon system will by default connect them together and be relentless about getting a connection.
If you want to work purely on one bounded context at a time, you can either edit the `event-horizons.json` file
located in the `.dolittle` folder of the `Web` folder for each bounded context and just remove any bounded contexts
its connecting to.

For instance, take this:

```json
{
    "eventHorizons": [
        {
            "application": "0d577eb8-a70b-4e38-aca8-f85b3166bdc2",
            "boundedContext": "915b1a57-7eca-4e64-88b4-6329accd86a0",
            "url": "localhost:50054",
            "events": []
        }
    ]
}
```

And turn it into this:

```json
{
    "eventHorizons": [
    ]
}
```

Alternatively, you can just rename the `event-horizons.json` file or just delete it. This file is typically a file
that should be generated before runtime based on metadata.


## Structure

```
+-- Bounded Context 1
|   +-- Module 1
|   +---- Feature 1
|   |     | View.html
|   |     | ViewModel.js
|   |     | Styles.css
|   |     | SomeRestAPI.cs
|   |     | SomeSignalRHub.cs
|   +---- Feature 2
|   |     | View.html
|   |     | ViewModel.js
|   |     | Styles.css
|   |     | SomeRestAPI.cs
|   |     | SomeSignalRHub.cs
+-- Bounded Context 2
...
```

## 

## Application

This application is a very simple sample eCommerce solution. Its purpose is to drive out how you can leverage Dolittle to build
applications, showcasing all aspects of the frameworks and the platform as a whole. An important aspect is to give an insight into
what the different building blocks are, and how they work.

### Bounded Context: Shop

### Bounded Context: Warehouse

## Architecture

![](./Images/pipelines.png)

### Event Horizon

![](./Images/event_horizon.png)

Commit message:

More details on getting started

README.md, after:

# eCommerce

## Cloning

This repository has sub modules, clone it with:

```shell
$ git clone --recursive <repository url>
```

If you've already cloned it, you can get the submodules by doing the following:

```shell
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Getting started

The sample is configured to run against a [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com) instance running locally, it is assuming a non-secured
instance for this. Its also assuming the default port of `27017` to connect to.

To run MongoDB as a docker image, just do:

```shell
$ docker run mongo -p 27017:27017
```

This will give you a stateless MongoDB instance - meaning that it won't keep state around between restarts.
You can of course mount a volume for state. Read more on [MongoDBs official Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/mongo/).

If you're running Windows, you can also run MongoDB using [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org).

```shell
c:\> choco install mongodb
```

Read more about the package [here](https://chocolatey.org/packages/mongodb).

There are multiple bounded contexts, as described later, that can be both run individually or together.
By default, both bounded contexts are configured to assume that the other is running.

To just get started running them, run the script in the root of this repository to get started.

### Linux / macOS

```shell
$ ./run.sh
```

### Windows
```shell
c:\> run.cmd
```

This will run the bounded contexts as background executables. You can easily run them individually as foreground
tasks as well, for each bounded context in seperate terminal windows:

```shell
$ cd Source/{bounded context}/Web
$ dotnet run
```

The event horizon system will by default connect them together and be relentless about getting a connection.
If you want to work purely on one bounded context at a time, you can either edit the `event-horizons.json` file
located in the `.dolittle` folder of the `Web` folder for each bounded context and just remove any bounded contexts
its connecting to.

For instance, take this:

```json
{
    "eventHorizons": [
        {
            "application": "0d577eb8-a70b-4e38-aca8-f85b3166bdc2",
            "boundedContext": "915b1a57-7eca-4e64-88b4-6329accd86a0",
            "url": "localhost:50054",
            "events": []
        }
    ]
}
```

And turn it into this:

```json
{
    "eventHorizons": [
    ]
}
```

Alternatively, you can just rename the `event-horizons.json` file or just delete it. This file is typically a file
that should be generated before runtime based on metadata.

## Structure

```
+-- Bounded Context 1
|   +-- Module 1
|   +---- Feature 1
|   |     | View.html
|   |     | ViewModel.js
|   |     | Styles.css
|   |     | SomeRestAPI.cs
|   |     | SomeSignalRHub.cs
|   +---- Feature 2
|   |     | View.html
|   |     | ViewModel.js
|   |     | Styles.css
|   |     | SomeRestAPI.cs
|   |     | SomeSignalRHub.cs
+-- Bounded Context 2
...
```

## 

## Application

This application is a very simple sample eCommerce solution. Its purpose is to drive out how you can leverage Dolittle to build
applications, showcasing all aspects of the frameworks and the platform as a whole. An important aspect is to give an insight into
what the different building blocks are, and how they work.

### Bounded Context: Shop

### Bounded Context: Warehouse

## Architecture

![](./Images/pipelines.png)

### Event Horizon

![](./Images/event_horizon.png)
